Update Technote for SNICAR snow albedo in Section 2.3 (#4049)
ESCOMP/CTSM: doc/source/tech_note/References/CLM50_Tech_Note_References.rst

Botta, A et al., 2000. A global prognostic scheme of leaf onset using satellite data. Global Change Biology 6.7, pp. 709-725.

.. _BrieglebLight2007:

> Briegleb, B. P. and Light, B.: A Delta-Eddington multiple scat- tering parameterization for solar radiation in the sea ice com- ponent of the Community Climate System Model, NCAR/TN- 472+STR, National Center for Atmospheric Research, 108 pp., 2007

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Briegleb, B. P. and Light, B.: A Delta-Eddington multiple scattering parameterization for solar radiation in the sea ice component of the Community Climate System Model, NCAR/TN- 472+STR, National Center for Atmospheric Research, 108 pp., 2007
```

Petrescu, A.M.R. et al. 2010. Modeling regional to global CH4 emissions of boreal and arctic wetlands. Global Biogeochemical Cycles, 24(GB4009).

.. _Picardetal2016:

> Picard, G., Libois, Q., & Arnaud, L. (2016). Refinement of the ice ab‐sorption spectrum in the visible using radiance profile measurements in Antarctic snow. The Cryosphere, 10(6), 2655–2672.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Picard, G., Libois, Q., & Arnaud, L. (2016). Refinement of the ice absorption spectrum in the visible using radiance profile measurements in Antarctic snow. The Cryosphere, 10(6), 2655–2672.
```
